Hey folks,

We are looking for Passionate, enthusiastic Web Developers to work on our StartUp. We are also looking for content editor(English).

If you're interested, kindly contact me or mail your resume on following email IDs:

Sarthak.vijay.met14@iitbhu.ac.in
Vijaysarthak0744@gmail.com
Contact No: 7080792681

Note- Interested person having less knowledge but want to learn are also invited.

Regards
Sarthak Vijay
Junior Undergraduate
IIT-BHU




Interested Person Reply ASAP on same thread.

Contact No: 08604337712

Note- Interested person having less knowledge but want to learn are also invited. 


> This is to inform you that Tailorkraft will be eager to offer winter internships for the profiles of Business Development and Operations for the month of December.
>
> Tailorkraft(www.tailorkraft.com) is an IIT BHU alumni startup, founded by Tamajit Mukherjee and Ankit(B. Tech. Metallurgy, Class of 2013) and let's people order custom tailored clothing from their homes. The key terms are as follows:
> 1. Location: Kolkata and Bangalore
> 2. Duration: 1 month (December)
> 3. Profile: Business Development, Operations
> 4. Stipend: 5k in hand. Free accommodation in case of Kolkata. An awesome workplace if students are going for Bangalore; at 91Springboard Koramangala.
> 5. Eligibility: Open for all branches from 1st, 2nd and 3rd year but excellent communication skills is a must because students will be approaching corporate clients to understand their needs and demands.
>
> if you are interested contact me (Tamajit Mukherjee)
>
> Looking forward to your favorable response.

Dear Fellows,


We're looking for a passionate, enthusiastic and creative Android developer to work on a product this December.

Our product aims to create a profound impact on one of the major forces in the dynamics of the state - Elections, and thus Politics. Our aim is to provide people with relevant and right information so that they can be in a much better position to exercise their voting rights to elect their representatives, thereby making elections more transparent.

We're looking forward for you to come with us and be part of the team. Can't wait to work on this exciting product.


If you're interested, kindly mail your resume on following email IDs:

hustlerrdx@gmail.com  

puskr.pushp@gmail.com

Hey Folks,
      We are looking for passionate Front-end developers to work on a StartUp .
     Exciting goodies and gifts will be provided and also a chance to be a part of core team.

Please find the details below and revert back as soon as possible.

Designation: Front-end Developer

Required Skills:
Good in CSS3 and JavaScript

Interested Person Kindly Fill the Google form .
https://goo.gl/forms/xKjUkQgm9NfGcEWm1
